[MION]
Okay, guys!
Listen up!
Looks like we've got
15 players here.
We'll split into five groups
of three by drawing numbers,
and the winner from each group
will move on to the final round.
[KEIICHI]
What's up, Satoko?
You getting bored with
the tournament already?
Beg your pardon,
but what makes you
think I'm bored?
Just seems like you've
been kinda staring off
into space all morning.
Well, we've done exactly
the same thing in club before.
I suppose I was
having a bit of déjà vu.
[KEIICHI]
You've done this before?
It's new to me, so of course
I'm still excited about it.
Plus, even if the tournament
itself is the same,
the games and
players are random,
and if you don't know
what you're playing
or who you're playing it with,
you still won't
know what to expect!
Actually, I do know all that.
Each of the five of us
will be playing
with a different group.
My group will be
playing Concentration.
You, Keiichi, are going to
be playing the Game of Life.
A prophecy?
That seems more
like the kind of thing
Rika would normally say.
I suppose I may have
started picking up
old habits from her.
Although, I like to believe
I could find a
more entertaining way
to exploit the ability
to see the future.
Now, here I go!
[GAMER A]
Wrong ca‐‐
[SATOKO]
Now, here I go!
[SATOKO laughs]
The ace of hearts is right here.
How could she have guessed that?
Sorry to tell you,
neither one of you will be
flipping over a single card!
[chortles]
Good game, boys,
but victory is mine!
What are you, psychic?
[SATOKO chuckles]
Not in the least!
I simply lured you into a trap.
Before the game even started.
I already knew the location
of every single card!
A flawless victory
in record time.
That's some nice work!
What else would we expect
from our rising star?
That was incredible, Satoko!
After the tournament is over,
I hope I can talk you into
letting me in on your secret!
Really?
I thought you'd
come by it naturally!
[laughs]
You're quite resourceful.
Moreso than the
cat by a wide margin.
But of course, our
ways of approaching problems
differ significantly.
My methods are
far more reliable.
[???]
Go on.
[SATOKO] If we think
of it as a dice game,
Rika is the sort to rely on
her luck and personal charm
to sway the table her way.
Whereas I prefer
to take direct action
and make certain that
the dice lands in my favor.
In this world, where
I have access to the table
and unlimited time to prepare.
I can tilt the
playing field to a point
where Rika's luck and charm
will never come into play.
[??? chuckles]
[SATOKO] Unrelatedly, it can
be quite difficult to converse
with somebody whose
name you don't know.
I see no reason why
you shouldn't be willing
to share yours,
given how long
we've been at this.
[???]
I have none to share.
I am without a name,
for indeed, who was
there to give me one?
I alighted on this fragment
only upon your touch.
But now, we are both here!
And so, you may grant me
a name as you see fit.
What?
As I see fit?
That's rather bold of you.
Well?
What am I to be called, then?
[SATOKO]
Let's see... Eh... Ooh... Uh...
[??? laughs]
Very good!
[SATOKO]
But I haven't said anything!
[??? chuckles]
Your heart spoke aloud,
and it said what
I knew it would.
And so, I shall
hereafter be called "Eua."
[SATOKO]
Wait. Those were just noises.
They weren't supposed to‐‐
[EUA laughs]
[SATOKO]
Suit yourself.
Moving on then, Eua.
While going
through these fragments,
I noticed a strange phenomenon
I couldn't quite explain.
Oh? I should like
to hear about that.
It seems that on some occasions,
humans are able to
remember different lives,
lived by alternate versions of
themselves in other fragments.
How could I? How could I?
How could I have done
something so horrible?
I'm a monster!
Keiichi, what could
that possibly mean?
I'm not sure either.
Kei, I'm right here with you!
I'm alive and breathing, see?
You've started
remembering, right, Keiichi?
You remembered when you
killed Rena and Mion.
Yes! I killed them,
and it wasn't a dream!
I know it was real!
It was a world, not ours,
but exactly like it.
And somehow, suddenly,
I couldn't trust my friends.
And in the end, I killed you!
For trying to help me!
And I know you
were trying to help,
so why couldn't
I believe it then?
What's the matter with me?
[sobs]
And Keiichi wasn't
the only one affected.
In fact,
Rena and Shion also
began feeling the effects
of some events they
had only gone through
in other fragments.
[EUA] Hmm.
So great is my power,
that the world cannot help
but be changed by its exercise.
The use of this power causes
small changes in the fragments,
which accumulate over repeated
journeys through the loops.
The cat would often speak
of such changes as "miracles."
Then as I've continued to
loop through the fragments,
'I suppose I made it inevitable
that these strange events
would start happening
consistently.
[EUA] The accumulation of
memories is irreversible.
Once a memory is
changed by your influence,
that change shall not wane
through any number of loops,
and so, the effects
of your influence
grow stronger
with each new life.
Which means, the ones
who are most affected
by the influence of a looper,
are those closest to them?
As one would expect,
for was it not the strength
of your ties to the cat
that brought us together
in this place?
And if that's the case,
one would think the
looper's direct relatives
might be affected as well.
[EUA]
Indeed, it only makes sense.
[SATOKO] But to me,
nothing could make less sense.
Yes, he's lived here
for some time,
but you might
have been able to guess
that he wasn't quite
the neighborly type.
We'd received some complaints
about the smell of garbage
coming from this unit,
but since the heat wave
hit a few days ago,
I can barely walk past
without getting sick.
Died alone with
no one to find him.
[POLICEMAN B] Hurry up
and get yourself a wife, son.
Live this life
alone for too long,
and your body
starts breakin' down.
In the end, no one finds you
till you stink too bad to miss.
[POLICEMAN A] I think I'm
okay for a few more years.
[POLICEMAN B]
Look here.
He was ripping up his flooring.
He must have had
a seizure so painful
that he started clawing
at the tatami by reflex.
Then we show up days later
and follow the smell
of rot to find this.
No one deserves that.
[screams]
What kind of fucked‐up
dreams am I havin'?
[GANG MEMBER A]
Yo, Teppei!
Huh?
How long'd you think
you could pull that shit
before it started
catchin' up with you?
What's this even about?
[GANG MEMBER A]
Did I say to talk, bitch?
[TEPPEI]
Wait... Just...
[GANG MEMBER B]
Hey, shitbird!
Enjoying the show?
You want in?
[gasps]
[GANG MEMBER B]
Then how about you fuck off?
Teppei, bud.
You really gotta learn to show
a little bit of consideration
for your neighbors.
[GANG MEMBER A]
Right, fellas?
This guy's a
stain on the community.
Rub him out.
[GANG MEMBER B, C]
Right.
Wait. Don't do this.
[screams]
[TEPPEI barfs]
[pants]
Holy hell.
I can't keep livin' this way.
[GIRL chuckles]
The tulip is blooming!
You're amazing, Daddy, it's
giving you so many balls!
[laughs]
We can get a lot of
presents to bring home!
Huh? Yay!
[DAD]
Ahh, pardon me.
Huh?
My daughter wasn't
bothering you, was she?
Uh... No, you're fine.
[DAD]
Let's go, sweetie.
[GIRL]
'Kay!
Damn, man.
Like I'm gonna say,
"Yeah, get her outta here!"
You kiddin' me?
[GIRL]
Thank you, Daddy!
Huh?
[DAD laughs]
You were so good today.
Let's head home.
[GIRL]
Yeah, let's go!
[EMPLOYEE]
Next in line.
Huh? Ugh. In a
friggin' pachinko joint.
[EMPLOYEE]
And for the remainder, sir?
Oh yeah. Let's see.
Uh!
[TEPPEI]
I'll take some of those.
[sighs]
[cicadas crying]
Used to be, hearin'
that sound made me wish
all those stupid cicadas
would shut the fuck up.
I guess it kinda
grows on you, huh?
Guess Satoshi's been
gone for a while, now.
Makes sense no one'd be around.
[sighs]
The apartment won't miss me.
No reason not to.
You see that?
He came back.
[SATOKO]
Uncle?
We haven't seen each other
in quite some time.
Didn't mean to spook ya, there.
The machines were
on the fritz today,
and I walked outta there
with a shitload of stuff.
I grabbed some kiddie
snacks to burn the leftovers.
Kinda crap never
did much for me.
And, plus, the doc says
I gotta cut down on the sugar.
But you like snacks,
right, Satoko?
Right, you would've grown up
since the last time I saw you.
If you handed 'em
out up at the school,
I bet all the
younger kids would love it.
Or just toss 'em, you know,
not like it's my problem.
So listen.
When I walk outta
the pachinko parlor
with a buncha junk food,
could I leave it with you?
[PUNK A]
So I get up in his face like,
"Yo, you think
I give a fuck, kid?"
[PUNKS laugh]
[PUNK E]
He was askin' for it!
He won't talk back next time!
[PUNKS laugh]
[PUNKS]
Huh?
Ey, kid!
What're you makin'
those faces for?
Got somethin'
you wanna say, huh?
I have places to be,
and you're blocking my path.
Huh?! The fuck'd you just
say to me, you little shit?
You tryin'a pick a fight
or somethin', bitch?
[PUNK A]
Let's go!
Hey!
Get outta here, you asshole!
[PUNK A]
Who is this prick?
You mess with my Satoko,
and you'll find out real quick!
[PUNK C]
Shut it!
[PUNK B]
That who you are, huh?
A busted old man
that talks a lot of shit?
[whistle blows]
Aw crap! Let's go!
[POLICEMAN C]
Hey, hold it!
Get back here!
Running's only gonna
make it worse for you.
You can't get away,
you little punks!
[PUNK A]
Yo, we didn't do anything!
That old dude just threw
down on us outta nowhere!
[POLICEMAN C]
Shut up and walk.
[PUNK B]
Ow, ow, ow!
Seriously, it was self‐defense!
Those kids needed
an ass‐beating,
and the only one there who
could give it to 'em was me.
You want me to take
that as your statement?
Take it whatever way you want.
How many times
I gotta say it, huh?
It's been a while,
eh, Mister Hojo?
I was enjoying not
worrying about you,
so you mind telling me
why we're here?
Hey, Kuma?
Sorry to ask,
but I'd really appreciate it
if you'd let me deal
with this guy.
Mister Hojo, when they
told me why you were in here,
I was sure someone
had been pulling my leg.
I read the witness statements,
but I couldn't believe 'em.
Then Satoko said
the exact same thing.
That you jumped in to
protect your darling niece
from the violent
delinquents threatening her.
Sorry to disappoint,
but that's bullshit.
You know damn well
that's not the kinda guy I am.
[OOISHI]
You're right.
I know all about you.
There's no way a thug like you
would pick a losing fight
unless someone paid ya.
But the other option
is you suddenly started
caring enough about your niece
to take a beating for her.
I don't know
which is less likely.
I was in a really
crappy mood, all right?
I was just lettin' it
out on someone!
[OOISHI chuckls]
Whatever the case may be,
you'd better show
some gratitude to Satoko
when you see her.
If she hadn't told us
that you were protecting her,
let's just say this
little reunion of ours
wouldn't have
gone this smoothly.
In fact, you wouldn't have
been leaving for quite a while.
[SATOKO]
What on Earth made you do that?
It wasn't anything,
like the Uncle I know.
I saw it myself,
and I can barely believe it.
Me neither, honestly.
I never played the good guy,
or even really thought about it.
So why did you decide
to do that for me?
It's all these dreams
I've been havin' lately.
I get to watch my life
go to shit over and over,
and it's a little
different every time.
Haven't taken care of my body,
and it's fallin' apart.
I just realized
I can either wind up dead
in an empty apartment,
or I can make a change.
So you stepped in to protect me
because you can't
afford a caretaker,
and I'm the closest thing you're
likely to get, is that right?
Hell, in the end, I guess it is.
I'm afraid that's
too much to ask.
I already knew that.
You don't do the kinda shit
I did to my family,
then ask 'em to support you
when you're gettin' old.
Wouldn't be right.
[TEPPEI] But now I wanna
start tryin' to make up
for all the pain I've caused.
If nothin' else, I don't
wanna be a burden on anyone
in the time I got left.
Although... Maybe...
If somehow you decide
I might deserve
another chance, y'know,
for whatever reason.
Maybe I could
come see you sometimes.
We could have dinner
together or something.
[SATOKO] Sorry, that's
still too much to ask.
I'm finished dealin'
with all those scumbags
I used to know.
I won't raise my hand against
you as long as I live,
and that's a promise.
So please, I realize
I don't have the right
to ask you to forgive me,
but I hope we can
at least stay in touch.
Why the hell are
you always screaming?
Shut your damn mouth, brat!
[SATOKO screams]
No!
[gasps]
Sorry about that.
I'm not sure what the hell
I was expecting you to do
when you saw my hand
coming towards you again,
after everything I did before.
Huh?
[TEPPEI]
You take care, Satoko.
[TEPPEI] Maybe we could run into
each other again sometime, huh?
[RIKA] Next time:
Satokowashi‐hen , Part Seven.